README.md, before:

# Livestock Listing Board  
**Mobile Capstone Project**

Livestock Listing Board is a read-only mobile marketplace prototype built with **Jetpack Compose**.  
The application demonstrates the UI/UX design and architectural foundations of a niche livestock classifieds platform.

This project was developed as a **mobile application capstone**, with a focus on clean UI, state management, navigation, and data handling rather than backend services or user authentication.

---

## Features

- Browse livestock listings in a clean, scrollable interface
- Filter listings by:
  - Species
  - Location
  - Price range
  - Search keywords
- View detailed listing information
- Consistent imagery per livestock type
- Material 3 design with a custom color theme
- Read-only prototype (no posting or messaging)

---

## Screens

- **Home Screen**
  - Listing cards
  - Filters and search
- **Detail Screen**
  - Listing details
  - Image display
  - Mock “Contact Seller” action
  - Proper top app bar with back navigation

---

## Architecture & Technologies

- **UI:** Jetpack Compose
- **Architecture Pattern:** MVVM
- **State Management:** StateFlow
- **Navigation:** Navigation Compose
- **Data Source:** Local JSON (Repository pattern)
- **Image Handling:** Local drawable resources
- **Design System:** Material 3 with custom theme

---

## Scope & Design Decisions

This project is intentionally **read-only**.

Features such as:
- User authentication
- Posting listings
- Messaging sellers
- Backend integration

are **out of scope by design** to keep the project focused on demonstrating:
- UI composition
- Navigation
- State management
- Clean architecture
- Practical scoping for a real-world prototype

All interactive actions (such as “Contact Seller”) are clearly labeled as **prototype-only**.

---

## Purpose

The goal of this capstone project is to demonstrate:
- Proficiency with modern Android development tools
- Clear architectural thinking
- User-focused interface design
- The ability to scope and complete a functional mobile prototype

---

## Future Improvements

- User accounts and authentication
- Posting and managing listings
- Seller-to-buyer messaging
- Remote backend integration
- Real-time data updates

---

## Screenshots

_Add screenshots of the Home and Detail screens here._

Commit message:

Enhance README with Home and Detail screen info
Added descriptions and images for Home and Listing Detail screens.

README.md, after:

# Livestock Listing Board  
**Mobile Capstone Project**

Livestock Listing Board is a read-only mobile marketplace prototype built with **Jetpack Compose**.  
The application demonstrates the UI/UX design and architectural foundations of a niche livestock classifieds platform.

This project was developed as a **mobile application capstone**, with a focus on clean UI, state management, navigation, and data handling rather than backend services or user authentication.

---

## Features

- Browse livestock listings in a clean, scrollable interface
- Filter listings by:
  - Species
  - Location
  - Price range
  - Search keywords
- View detailed listing information
- Consistent imagery per livestock type
- Material 3 design with a custom color theme
- Read-only prototype (no posting or messaging)

---

## Screens

- **Home Screen**
  - Listing cards
  - Filters and search
- **Detail Screen**
  - Listing details
  - Image display
  - Mock “Contact Seller” action
  - Proper top app bar with back navigation

---

## Architecture & Technologies

- **UI:** Jetpack Compose
- **Architecture Pattern:** MVVM
- **State Management:** StateFlow
- **Navigation:** Navigation Compose
- **Data Source:** Local JSON (Repository pattern)
- **Image Handling:** Local drawable resources
- **Design System:** Material 3 with custom theme

---

## Scope & Design Decisions

This project is intentionally **read-only**.

Features such as:
- User authentication
- Posting listings
- Messaging sellers
- Backend integration

are **out of scope by design** to keep the project focused on demonstrating:
- UI composition
- Navigation
- State management
- Clean architecture
- Practical scoping for a real-world prototype

All interactive actions (such as “Contact Seller”) are clearly labeled as **prototype-only**.

---

## Purpose

The goal of this capstone project is to demonstrate:
- Proficiency with modern Android development tools
- Clear architectural thinking
- User-focused interface design
- The ability to scope and complete a functional mobile prototype

---

## Future Improvements

- User accounts and authentication
- Posting and managing listings
- Seller-to-buyer messaging
- Remote backend integration
- Real-time data updates

---

## Screenshots

### Home Screen
Browse livestock listings with filters for species, location, price range, and search.

<img src="screenshots/home-screen.png" width="300" />

### Listing Detail Screen
View detailed listing information with images and a prototype contact action.

<img src="screenshots/detail-screen.png" width="300" />
